adding clarification for resources groups (#52951)
Azure/azure-content: articles/openshift/howto-using-azure-redhat-openshift.md

- Azure CLI version 2.0.72 or greater
  

> - The 'az aro' extension

Reviewer: @lamek `az aro` will not be live in the core CLI next week, instructions about the extension must not be removed for now.

> The `az aro` extension is currenty in preview. It may be changed or removed in a future release.
> To opt-in for the `az aro` extension preview you need to register the `Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift` resource provider.
> 
>    ```azurecli
>    az provider register -n Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift --wait
>    ```

1. Log in to Azure.

   ```azurecli
   az login
   ```

2. Run the following command to install the `az aro` extension:

   ```azurecli

>    az extension add -n aro --index https://az.aroapp.io/preview

Reviewer 2: The command is now available directly as a `az aro` without need for instalation. It has been release in latest version https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli/blob/master/docs-ref-conceptual/release-notes-azure-cli.md#aro

Author: I removed the bullet and prereq section.

## Create a cluster

Run the following command to create a cluster. 

* The '-g $RESOURCEGROUP' parameter refers to the OpenShift resource and can be used by multiple clusters.

> * The '--cluster-resource-group "aro-$CLUSTER' parameter referes to a new resource group that will be created for this specific cluster. All VMs and cluster resources reside in this resource group.

Reviewer: typo: referes -> refers

> * The '-g $RESOURCEGROUP' parameter refers to the OpenShift resource and can be used by multiple clusters.
> * The '--cluster-resource-group "aro-$CLUSTER' parameter referes to a new resource group that will be created for this specific cluster. All VMs and cluster resources reside in this resource group.

Reviewer: Language doesn't feel super clear, how about something like:

```suggestion
* The Azure Red Hat OpenShift management resource, which represents the ARO cluster, will be placed in the resource group denoted by the  `-g` parameter.  Multiple Azure Red Hat OpenShift management resources can co-exist in the same resource group if you wish.
* All of the Azure resources associated with the cluster itself will be placed in the resource group denoted by the `--cluster-resource-group` parameter.  This resource group must not exist at creation time and will be created by the service.  Only one ARO cluster can exist in a given cluster resource group.
```

Author: Sounds good. I updated the first bullet slightly b/c per MSFT branding we're going to spell out ARO.

## Create a cluster

Run the following command to create a cluster. 

* The '-g $RESOURCEGROUP' parameter refers to the OpenShift resource and can be used by multiple clusters.

> * The '--cluster-resource-group "aro-$CLUSTER' parameter referes to a new resource group that will be created for this specific cluster.

Reviewer 2: I would add a note, that it is the group where VMs and all the resources residde.
